Private Repo Access with using Github App (#3658)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/reference.md

- The GitHub app may only be installed by a GitHub *and* Pulumi admin.
- Currently, there is a 1 to 1 mapping between GitHub organizations and Pulumi organizations.

#### Private Dependency Packages

> If you want to private GitHub repositories, including private packages and resources, the Pulumi program needs access to the SSH private key granted permissions to connect with Github. Failure to do so may result in remote deployments being unable to access those private artifacts, and the deployment may fail.
> 
> As a current fix, using the following will allow you to create a private key and allow access to GitHub using SSH to pull down the appropriate artifacts properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Pulumi Deployment requires access to private GitHub repositories, e.g. your program uses a private Go module, it is necessary to configure an SSH key with access to the required repos. Without the correct configuration, the Deployment will be unable to access those private artifacts, and the deployment may fail.

The following will allow you to configure a private key and allow access to GitHub using SSH to pull down the appropriate artifacts properly:
```

> 1. Add the following code into the `Pre-run commands` and toggle on `Skip automatic dependency installation step` in Advanced Settings:

Reviewer: It would be helpful to have this code in text so folks can just copy-paste rather than having to retype instructions from an image.

Author: Added, thanks

- The GitHub app may only be installed by a GitHub *and* Pulumi admin.
- Currently, there is a 1 to 1 mapping between GitHub organizations and Pulumi organizations.

#### Private Dependency Packages

If your Pulumi Deployment requires access to private GitHub repositories, e.g. your program uses a private Go module, it is necessary to configure an SSH key with access to the required repos. Without the correct configuration, the Deployment will be unable to access those private artifacts, and the deployment may fail.

The following will allow you to configure a private key and allow access to GitHub using SSH to pull down the appropriate artifacts properly:
  
1. Add the following code into the `Pre-run commands` and toggle on `Skip automatic dependency installation step` in Advanced Settings:

    ```bash
    mkdir /root/.ssh && printf -- "$SSHKEY" > /root/.ssh/id_ed25519
    cat /root/.ssh/id_ed25519
    chmod 600 /root/.ssh/id_ed25519
    ssh-keyscan github.com >> ~/.ssh/known_hosts

>     cd .. && git config --global --add url."git@github.com:".insteadOf "https://github.com"

Author: ```suggestion
     cd .. && git config --global --add url.\"git@github.com:\".insteadOf \"https://github.com\"
```

Author: Added the escapes back

>     cd .. && git config --global --add url.\"git@github.com:\".insteadOf \"https://github.com\"

Author: I can remove. It works with the escaping

>     cd .. && git config --global --add url.\"git@github.com:\".insteadOf \"https://github.com\"

Reviewer: Fine to leave it then! I'm not positive about removing it so if it works this way let's keep it.
